Add Trino Fest finalized lineup post (#656)
trinodb/trino.io: _posts/2024-05-08-trino-fest-lineup-finalized.md

---
layout: post
title: "Big names round out the Trino Fest 2024 lineup"
author: "Cole Bowden"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
image: /assets/blog/trino-fest-2024/announcement-banner.png
show_pagenav: false
---

We gave
[a sneak peek of the Trino Fest lineup a month ago]({{site.baseurl}}{% post_url 2024-04-15-trino-fest-2024-approaches %}),

> and we're excited to now bring you full lineup for the event. We've got some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and we're excited to now bring you the full lineup for the event. We've got some
```

major names being added, including Amazon, Microsoft, and another talk from
Apple. With Fourkites and a joint talk with LanceDB and CharacterAI also added 
to the schedule, we're excited to present the
[full lineup for Trino Fest 2024](https://www.starburst.io/info/trino-fest-2024/#agenda).

Trino Fest is barely a month away on the 13th of June, and whether you want to

> attend live in Boston or tune in virtually, this is one last reminder that you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attend live in Boston or tune in virtually, this is a reminder that you
```
